token number = 11,	token string = int
token number = 1,	token string = abc
token number = 21,	token string = ;
token number = 12,	token string = float
token number = 1,	token string = def
token number = 21,	token string = ;
token number = 1,	token string = abc
token number = 23,	token string = =
token number = 2,	token string = 3
token number = 41,	token string = +
token number = 2,	token string = 4
token number = 43,	token string = *
token number = 2,	token string = 5
token number = 21,	token string = ;
token number = 1,	token string = def
token number = 23,	token string = =
token number = 3,	token string = 3.1415926
token number = 21,	token string = ;
token number = 13,	token string = print
token number = 1,	token string = abc
token number = 21,	token string = ;
token number = 13,	token string = print
token number = 1,	token string = def
token number = 21,	token string = ;
